README.md, before:

# push-to-cloud-service

![Tests on Pull Requests and Master](https://github.com/broadinstitute/push-to-cloud-service/workflows/Tests%20on%20Pull%20Requests%20and%20Master/badge.svg)

This is the repo for the WorkFlow Launcher's PTC service

## Quickstart

This project is managed by the vanilla Clojure CLI tools, make sure
 you have it installed. If not, follow [here](https://clojure.org/guides/getting_started)
 to install it or simply run the following if you are on macOS:

 ```bash
 brew tap clojure/tools
 brew install clojure/tools/clojure
 ```
 
You could then run `clj -m $namespace` to run a module with given namespace. e.g.

```bash
clj -m start
```

The tests are managed by `clj` as well and will be executed by 
 [`kaocha`](https://github.com/lambdaisland/kaocha) test runner. You could 
 run the following code to see an example:

 ```bash
 clj -Atest
 ```

## Development

```bash
$ tree .
.
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── deps.edn
├── src
│   └── start.clj
└── test
    └── start_test.clj
```
The project structure is shown as above, you add new entries to `deps.edn` 
to introduce a new dependency, add new modules to `src/` and implement new 
test cases to `test/`.

## Build

To build an executable [Uber Jar with AOT compilation](https://clojure.org/guides/deps_and_cli#aot_compilation),
simply run:

```bash
bash ops/build.sh
``` 

which should output the detailed information about what are thrown into the
Jar file while building the executable Jar file to `target/push-to-cloud-service.jar`.

You could run it with `java -jar target/push-to-cloud-service.jar`, which will invoke
the main function in the `start.clj` namespace, which is currently the only module with 
`:gen-class`.

Commit message:

Make the lint/format up and running.

README.md, after:

# push-to-cloud-service

![Tests on Pull Requests and Master](https://github.com/broadinstitute/push-to-cloud-service/workflows/Tests%20on%20Pull%20Requests%20and%20Master/badge.svg)

This is the repo for the WorkFlow Launcher's PTC service

## Quickstart

This project is managed by the vanilla Clojure CLI tools, make sure
 you have it installed. If not, follow [here](https://clojure.org/guides/getting_started)
 to install it or simply run the following if you are on macOS:

 ```bash
 brew tap clojure/tools
 brew install clojure/tools/clojure
 ```
 
You could then run `clj -m $namespace` to run a module with given namespace. e.g.

```bash
clojure -m start
```

The tests are managed by `clj` as well and will be executed by 
 [`kaocha`](https://github.com/lambdaisland/kaocha) test runner. You could 
 run the following code to see an example:

 ```bash
 clojure -A:test
 ```

## Development

```bash
$ tree .
.
├── LICENSE
├── README.md
├── deps.edn
├── src
│   └── start.clj
└── test
    └── start_test.clj
```
The project structure is shown as above, you add new entries to `deps.edn` 
to introduce a new dependency, add new modules to `src/` and implement new 
test cases to `test/`.

### Code Style

We use [`cljfmt`](https://github.com/weavejester/cljfmt) for a 
standard and consistent code style in this repo.

To lint the code, run:
```bash
clojure -A:lint
```

To format the code, run:
```bash
clojure -A:format
```

## Build

To build an executable [Uber Jar with AOT compilation](https://clojure.org/guides/deps_and_cli#aot_compilation),
simply run:

```bash
bash ops/build.sh
``` 

which should output the detailed information about what are thrown into the
Jar file while building the executable Jar file to `target/push-to-cloud-service.jar`.

You could run it with `java -jar target/push-to-cloud-service.jar`, which will invoke
the main function in the `start.clj` namespace, which is currently the only module with 
`:gen-class`.
